[NARRATOR]
Last time on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
The battle to decide
the fate of the Earth began,
as Goku faced
off against Cell
in the ultimate test
of strength and skill.
So far, Goku has
countered every attack
Cell has thrown his way,
but how much longer
can he keep up
with the android's
seemingly unlimited power?
[CELL] Don't tell me I'm
suddenly too fast for you...
♪ opening song ♪
[MR. POPO]
Ah... That was Kami's
favorite spot, as well.
He would stand
there for hours,
reading the
currents of energy
flowing from the
earth down below.
Did he really, sir?
Indeed.
[DENDE GRUNTS]
Straining will only
make it more difficult...
You cannot force it.
Let the vibrations wash
over you in their own time.
Soon you will learn
to take them all in,
just as Kami did.
Clear your mind, Dende.
Relax and try to sense
the energy as though
you're listening to faint
music in the distance.
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Goku is still fighting Cell.
It is an epic battle.
Good... You learn quickly.
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
This is... nuts!
Hmm...
[LOUD RUMBLING]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Wow! I've never seen...
anything like it!
[VEGETA GRUNTS ANGRILY]
My... I, uh...
I'd like to call the
play-by-play, but uh...
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[GOKU YELLS]
Goku!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CELL YELLS]
[TIEN AND YAMCHA GASP]
Huh...?!
[ANNOUNCER]
So... uhhhhhh...
Does anyone have the faintest
idea where they went?
Uhh... Uhh...
[CELL GROANS IN PAIN]
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOKU BREATHES HEAVILY]
Most impressive, Goku...
It seems you're going
to provide me with
more amusement than
I'd even dared to hope.
Oh really?
This is what a true battle
should feel like, no?
Now, then...
shall we continue?
I can see 'em!
Hiding by those
broken tiles...!
They're using some kinda'
sneaky camouflage trick,
but there they are,
plain as day!
[ANNOUNCER]
Huh...?!
That camouflage
is... pretty good.
Oh yeah! Better luck
next time, posers!
I got the sight
of a jungle cat!
Clearly the champ is
a perfect combination
of brains and brawn!
Bravo!
[GOKU YELLS]
[HERCULE YELLS]
[SWISHING SOUNDS]
[LOUD RUMBLING]
Uh...
Our combatants suddenly
appear to be airborne.
Uhh...
You, get a shot!
Quick, look up!
Ah...! Gotcha!
[CROWD YELLS]
Things have heated up.
They're zipping around so fast
the camera can't even catch 'em.
Look at 'em go! Man!
Makes me dizzy just
tryin' to keep up...
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOKU GASPS]
[GOKU GRUNTS IN PAIN]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
Dad... be careful...!
No Goku...! Don't ring out!
[CELL GRUNTS ANGRILY]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
This has been a
magnificent battle!
It would be a shame to
see it end over something
so trivial as
going out of bounds.
Huh?
From now on, we won't count
that as a disqualifying factor.
Which means the ring has
outlived its usefulness.
Hold on!
What are you planning to do?
[GOKU GASPS]
Heh...
Guys...! Move!
Get away from the ring!
Hurry!
Cell's about to destroy it!
[EXPLOSION]
[RUMBLING]
[KRILLIN]
Close one...!
[ANNOUNCER STAMMERS]
Th-Thank you...
very much...
Go, all of you.
You are not safe here.
Leave now.
But, I can't very
well go abandoning
my journalistic duty, can I?
And besides, Hercule is
still going to challenge Cell
to a rematch a bit later.
Isn't that right, Champ?!
[HERCULE STAMMERS]
[PIIZA]
Uh, Hercule...?
Huh...?
Yeah...! Rematch City...!
But 'til then, I'm
gonna duck behind cover
and spy on his moves.
Now, the entire
planet is our ring.
We fight to the end,
until one of us is
down for the count.
All right... Sounds like
you're ready to get serious.
[CELL]
An opponent of such high
caliber demands no less.
[GOKU]
Fair enough.
Now... Let's see what
sort of fun we can have
with al this extra space.
Huh...?!
[EXPLOSION]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
[GOKU YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[GOKU SCREAMS]
Incredible...!
As if their speed
wasn't impressive enough,
their power's on
a whole other level...!
[GOKU AND CELL YELL]
[GOKU GRUNTS]
[CELL YELLS IN PAIN]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[CELL GASPS]
[GOKU YELLS]
[CELL YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
Huh...?!
Uh... Say, guys...?
Any idea what he's
planning up there?
'Cause...
it sure looks like...
[GOKU]
Ka... me...!
A Kamehameha...?!
No, Goku...!
What are you thinking?!
You know what will happen
if you fire a blast like that!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL] You're just
posturing, aren't you?!
You're obviously not going
to launch an attack
that would risk destroying
the entire planet!
[CELL LAUGHS]
He's... just bluffing!
Yeah, that's gotta be it!
He's just buying some
time to catch his breath
or somethin', I'm sure!
Ha... me...!
[SHOCKED SOUND]
Ah... Ha...
What...? Seriously...?
[GOKU GRUNTS]
He's... He's really...
gonna do it!
[GOKU GRUNTS]
No...! You wouldn't dare!
Huh...?!
[GOKU GRUNTS]
Noooooooo!
HAAAAAAA!
[GOKU BREATHES HEAVILY]
Yes! It's over.
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
Unbelievable...
What in blazes just
happened out there?!
That's it...!
Goku totally took him down!
That Instant Transmission
trick is somethin' else,
am I right?!
C'mon guys, let's hear it!
We won! We're all saved now!
[YAMCHA LAUGHS]
Huh...?
Hey... Why is everybody
still lookin' so serious?
It appears that "amateur"
has just defeated Cell.
Care to comment, Champ?
Uh... Uhh...
Hey, boss,
that's your cue!
Huh?!
Oh yeah! Right...!
Well, I guess
everyone's gotta get
lucky now and
then, you know?!
But that's nothing
compared to the pounding
I woulda' given
Cell or will soon!
[HERCULE LAUGHS]
Now that's what
I wanted to see, boss!
It's almost a shame
this guy had to come along
and deny all of the champ's
loyal fans another chance
to see his signature
moves in action! Huh?
Uh-huh.
I am sorry to
inform those of you
tuning in from around the world
that Hercule's rematch will
no longer be taking place...
as an unnamed challenger
has defeated Cell
in what can only be
described as a fluke!
[CROWD MURMURS]
So... that Cell
thing is gone now?
That seemed a lot easier
than I thought it would be.
When's he
gonna fight more?
Huh, Mom...?
I wanna see Hercule!
[MOTHER]
It's all done, sweetie...
[GOKU THINKING]
This can't be right...
Even now, I'm still sensing
a lot of energy coming from
him.
[KRILLIN GASPS]
Watch yourself
out there, Goku!
I don't think Cell's down
for the count just yet!
Wha...?!
Huh?!
Ah...!
[EVERYONE GASPS]
Unbelievable,
ladies and gentlemen!
Cell's lower half
just leapt to its feet!
Ah...!
[GOKU GRUNTS]
The hitherto-headless
Cell has grown a new body!
What do you make
of this, Champ...
...just more light
shows and tricks?!
Well, of course it is!
What else could it be?!
[CELL GRUNTS]
[GOKU] Don't know
why I'm surprised.
I shoulda' known you'd
be able to regenerate.
[CELL]
Piccolo's cells are quite
useful in that regard.
Curse that monster!
I thought you went
down a bit too easily...
But regenerating half a body
still takes a lot of energy.
You're not at full
strength anymore.
Heh... That goes
for you, as well.
You were breathing pretty
hard after that last attack.
Shall we continue...?
I'm sure it goes without saying
that I'm not going to fall
for your little trick again...
So I'm afraid this fight is
going to get dull rather quickly
if that was your only
ace in the hole.
Not even... close!
That's the spirit.
[GOKU BREATHES HEAVILY]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[GOKU YELLS]
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[PICCOLO]
Amazing. They've both spent
a tremendous amount of
energy up to this point.
But even so, watching
them fight right now,
you'd never suspect it!
[FIGHTING SOUNDS]
[GOKU AND CELL YELL]
[GOKU BREATHES HEAVILY]
[CELL BREATHES HEAVILY]
What's the matter, Goku?
Is that really all you've got?
No way!
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOKU GRUNTS IN PAIN]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL YELLS]
[GOKU GRUNTS IN PAIN]
Huh...?
[GOKU YELLS]
[GOKU YELLS FRANTICALLY]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
Yeah! Now ya got him!
[CELL GRUNTS IN PAIN]
It's working!
That's it! Don't let up!
[GOKU YELLS FRANTICALLY]
[GOKU]
Hey, it's me, Goku!
Cell is too strong!
This is the only way
for us to beat him!
[CELL]
You must be joking.
Do you understand the
consequences of your actions?
[GOKU] You'll lose, Cell.
That's all I need to know!
[PICCOLO]
No, Goku! It's too
reckless, even for you!
[GOHAN] Dad...?
[GOKU] Next time on
Dragon Ball Z Kai!
It's gonna be fine, Gohan.
You're my son, after all!